feat: Dialog Update to MDX (#2184)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/dialog/stories/Dialog.stories.mdx

import {SymbolDoc, Specifications} from '@workday/canvas-kit-docs';

import {Dialog} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/dialog';
import {Basic} from './examples/Basic.tsx';
import {Focus} from './examples/Focus.tsx';

<Meta title="Components/Popups/Dialog" component={Dialog} />

# Canvas Kit Dialog

> A Dialog component is a non-Modal type of Dialog that will not render the rest of the page inert
> while it is active. A Dialog should be used in situations where the task is not critical.

Reviewer: Fix casing and replace "not critical" with "not requiring immediate attention"
```suggestion
A Dialog component is a non-modal type of dialog that will not render the rest of the page inert
while it is active. A Dialog should be used in situations where the task is not critical.
```

## Installation

```sh
yarn add @workday/canvas-kit-react
```

## Usage

> ### Basic

Reviewer: Should include "Example." I see the Modal docs don't do this properly for the Basic Example (we can fix that later).

```suggestion
### Basic Example
```

> Below you will find a basic example of a Dialog. There are similarities and differences between the
> [Modal](/components/popups/modal/) and Dialog components. A Dialog does not require immeditate
> attention from the user and will not render the rest of the page inert while it is active. A
> [Modal](/components/popups/modal/) Dialog requires immediate attention and blocks interaction from
> the rest of the system.
> 
> A Dialog should be used in situations where the task is not critical like in the example below.

Reviewer: I added extra content here explaining how to adapt the Modal examples to Dialog since we're choosing not to carry examples over from the Modal docs. I also removed a bit of redundant text.

```suggestion
[Modal](/components/popups/modal/) and Dialog are very similar: most of the examples from Modal can
be adapted to Dialog by changing `Modal` to `Dialog` and replacing `Modal.Overlay` with
`Dialog.Popper`.

Unlike Modal, Dialog does _not_ render the rest of the page inert while it is active. Dialog should
be used in situations where the task does not require immediate attention such as in the example
below.
```

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Basic} />

> ### Non-Focus Trapping
> 
> It was referenced in the first example that Dialog and [Modal](/components/popups/modal/) have some
> similarities and differences. One difference is since Modal needs immediate attention from the user,
> it will trap the keyboard focus inside of the Modal until an action is taken. Dialog does not need
> immediate attention from the user so therefore, Dialog will not trap the keyboard focus within the
> Dialog.
> 
> <ExampleCodeBlock code={Focus} />

Reviewer: I added a bit more detail here. I wanted to pull in more content from the `Focus Redirect` section of the Popup docs since it's relevant here:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/146020/235781595-0ab6dbcc-bac1-4b6f-9a12-0d69466c3ff9.png)

@NicholasBoll also suggested mentioning the use of `aria-owns` in the Dialog docs so I made it a point to include that content here.

```suggestion
### Focus Redirect

Since Modal requires immediate attention, it will trap the keyboard focus inside the Modal until an
action is taken. Dialog manages focus differently, however, since it does not require immediate
attention.

The following example shows how Dialog manages focus in and out of the component.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Focus} />

Instead of trapping focus within the Dialog, it is effectively treated as an inline element next to
its triggering `Dialog.Target` button. Tabbing out of the Dialog will close the popup and move focus
to the next button.

Dialog also adds an `aria-owns` to a `<div>` element which is rendered as a sibling of the
`Dialog.Target` button. The `aria-owns` references the `Dialog.Card` and allows screen readers which
[support aria-owns](/components/popups/popup/#focus-redirect) to navigate the Dialog as if it
weren't portalled to the bottom of the document body.
```
